I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa pig.
Very Hot Day!
The sun is shining.
It is a very hot day.
What a Iovely, hot day!
Peppa and George are
Wearing their boots!
They are going to jump
in muddy puddles!
I love muddy puddles.
Oh!
Oh, dear! The sun is so hot
that the puddles have dried up!
Mummy! Daddy!
The puddles are all dry and
We can't jump in them!
Never mind, Peppa.
It's so sunny,
you can play in the
paddling pool instead!
Yes! The paddling pool!
First, you have to change into
your swimming costumes.
Yes, Mummy.
Peppa and George are Wearing
their swimming costumes!
Mummy Pig is Wearing her
swimming costume.
And Daddy Pig is Wearing his
swimming costume!
Because it's so hot,
you need sun cream.
It's all
oily and yucky!
Yuck!
What a fuss about nothing!
Yes, We all need
sun cream today.
Oh!
Come on, George.
Let's get some air into
this paddling pool!
Daddy Pig is pumping up
the paddling pool!
Easy as pie!
Peppa holds the hose
and Mummy Pig turns on the Water.
Where's the Water?
Wahhh!
Peppa and George love
their paddling pool.
lce cream!
Ms. Rabbit, the ice cream lady!
On very hot days,
Ms. Rabbit sells ice cream.
Mummy, Daddy!
Can George and I have
an ice cream, please?
Oh, Well, I suppose it is
an especially hot day.
Hurray!
Please, can I have one as Well?
Everyone likes ice cream!
Hello, Mummy Pig,
Peppa and George.
Hello, Ms. Rabbit.
What ice creams
Would you like?
Can I have a cone, please,
Ms. Rabbit?
Of course you may, Peppa!
Thank you.
The same for me and
one for Daddy Pig, please.
And What Would young
Mr. George like?
Dine-Saw!
A dinosaur?
Silly George!
He always says
''dinosaur'' for everything!
Well, it just so happens
that I do have a
dinosaur shaped ice-Iolly!
Dine-Saw! Grrrr!
George,
you should eat your
ice-Iolly before it melts.
Dine-Saw.
George loves his dinosaur
ice-Iolly so much,
he doesn't Want to eat it.
Thank you, Ms. Rabbit!
Enjoy the Weather!
George, I really think you
should eat your ice-Iolly
before it melts and...
falls on the ground.
Oh, dear, George's dinosaur
ice-Iolly has melted
and fallen on the ground.
Come on, George.
You can share Daddy's ice cream.
I'm sure he Won't mind.
It is so Warm,
Daddy Pig has fallen asleep!
Daddy Pig does look hot!
Let's tip Water on Daddy
to cool him down!
Good idea, Peppa!
What happened?!!!
You Were all red
and hot, Daddy Pig!
So We tipped Water on you!
Oh, I see. Thank you, Peppa.
Look! The puddles are back!
Quick, George, let's get out boots!
Peppa and George are
Wearing their boots!
Peppa and George love the hot day.
But most of all,
they love jumping up
and down in puddles!
I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa pig.
Chloe's Puppet Show!
Peppa and her family are visiting
Uncle Pig and Aunty Pig
and Cousin Chloe.
I expect Uncle Pig Will
fall asleep after lunch,
like he always does.
Daddy Pig!
You shouldn't say such things
about your own brother!
Especially in front of
the children.
But it's true!